Custom plugins can be written
to accept data that customizes
the plugin's behavior.
As you'll see in
this video, it is
much like passing data to a
function in normal JavaScript.
Here, you see a
simple custom plugin.
The plugin redirects the
browser to a new page
when the video ends.
Note that when the page to
which the browser redirects
is passed as a parameter.
The plugin accepts a parameter
in the anonymous function
where the plugin is defined.
Convention has it the
object is named "options,"
but it's not required.
The properties of the
object passed to the plugin
can then be used.
The options.redirectURL
property value
is used in the redirection.
On the HTML page where the
custom plugin is called,
we first use
standard code to link
to the plugin's JavaScript.
By the way, there is no CSS
needed for this custom plugin.
In the script block,
where we place code
to affect the player,
a variable is created.
The variable is
called "options,"
which is a JavaScript Object
that is passed to the plugin.
For this plugin, we only define
one property named redirectURL,
which must match the property
name used in the plugin.
This object contains
only one property,
but the options object can
have as many properties
as the plugin requires.
Now when calling the
custom plugin named
navigateOnVideoEnd, you
pass the options object.
That's it for the code.
Let's test to be sure it works.
We'll browse the HTML page,
and when the video ends,
the redirect takes us
to the page specified
in the objects property.
Note that you can pass data
to a plugin using Studio.
Here, you see the configuration
screen for the custom plugin
we have been using.
To pass data, place
the options object
definition in the Options
parentheses JSON form field.
Then, when using the player, the
custom plugin's functionality
is part of the player, and you
need no other code on the page
other than the video tag.